# This is the patch notes for the shark catch game given on the 12th of February 2026:
It's been an exciting few days now, can't wait to share what's been cooking!
## Fishing update!
- Decided it was time to give fishing a big buff in use since it was basically only used to get quick cash (it's understandable, we all need cash).
- There is now a new way to track what fish you caught in number. Unfortunately the fish got stolen before the fisherman was able to count, so we'll start anew.
### NEW: Baits
- Baits is the latest system implemented to help attract more sharks when fishing. Each bait increases the chances of getting a shark from 5% to a huge 35% chance, but beware as they are limited.
- Baits now give a massive 30% increase to getting a shark, but with a catch. There are 5 tiers of bait and the sharks you are able to attract are dependant on the tier you use.
- The following will be a list of baits you can buy:
  1. Chum - 15 coins per piece.
  2. Bait ball - 30 coins per piece.
  3. Mackerel - 45 coins per piece.
  4. Stingray - 60 coins per piece.
  5. Barracuda - 75 coins per piece.
- The following are what each bait attracts:
  1. Chum - Very common sharks.
  2. Bait ball - Common sharks.
  3. Mackerel - Uncommon sharks.
  4. Stingray - Rare sharks.
  5. Barracuda - Ultra rare sharks.
You will find below a list of sharks per rarity:
1. Very common sharks:
  - Reef Shark
  - Hammerhead
  - Great White
  - Lantern Shark
  - Creek Whaler
  - Small-eye Hammerhead
  - Scalloped Hammerhead
  - Shiny Shark
  - Great Hammerhead Shark
  - Grey Reef Shark
  - Lemon Shark
  - Leopard Shark
  - Pacific Sharpnose Shark
  - Pyjama Shark
  - Scalloped Hammerhead Shark
  - Blacknose Shark
  - Blacktip Reef Shark
  - Blacktip Shark
  - Blue Shark
  - Brown Shyshark
  - Bull Shark
  - Caribbean Reef Shark
  - Bronze Whaler Shark
  - Dusky Shark
  - Silvertip Shark
  - Smooth Hammerhead
  - Smoothhound
  - Spinner Shark
  - Horn Shark
  - Sharpnose Sevengill Shark
  - Salmon Shark
  - Shortfin Mako Shark
  - White Shark
  - Bluegrey Carpet Shark
  - Nurse Shark
  - Spotted Wobbegong
  - Tawny Nurse Shark
  - Zebra Shark
  - Bramble Shark
  - Spiny Dogfish
2. Common Sharks:
  - Sand Devil
  - Crocodile Shark
  - Starry Catshark
  - Oceanic Whitetip Shark
  - Sand Tiger Shark
  - Sharptooth Lemon Shark
  - Galapagos Shark
  - Silky Shark
  - Tiger Shark
  - Bluntnose Sixgill Shark
  - Broadnose Sevengill Shark
  - Bigeye Thresher Shark
  - Longfin Mako Shark
  - Epaulette Shark
  - Whitespotted Bamboo Shark
  - Bahamas Sawshark
3. Uncommon sharks:
  - Crying Izak
  - Little Sleeper Shark
  - Nervous Shark
  - Frilled Shark
  - Basking Shark
  - Porbeagle Shark
  - Angel Shark
  - Great Lanternshark
  - Kitefin Shark
  - Pacific Sleeper Shark
4. Rare Sharks:
  - Mollisquama parini
  - Mollisquama mississippiensis
  - Frog Shark
  - Goblin Shark
  - Megamouth Shark
  - Whale Shark
  - Cookiecutter Shark
  - Greenland Shark
  - Gulper Shark
  - Pygmy Shark
5. Ultra-Rare sharks:
  - Megalodon
## Shark Game:
- Ever wondered why you could use a net you don't own and it would not tell you you don't own it? well that's fixed now. The bot will tell you if you use a net you don't own and it still defaults to the rope net.
## Leveling System:
Massive changes incoming
### Bug fixes:
- Fixed a bug where sometimes people would not get added to the system even though they joined normally.
- Fixed a bug where XP needed was way way way way too high and now everyone should be at the correct level according to how much XP they've earned so far.
### Changes:
- The XPs needed for each level has been changed. It is now even simpler than before. For the first 5 levels:
  1. Level 1: 50 XP
  2. Level 2: 100 XP
  3. Level 3: 150 XP
  4. Level 4: 200 XP
  5. Level 5: 250 XP
You see the trend now don't you? Every level requires 50 xp more than the last.