# This is the patch notes for the shark catch game given on the 13th of november 2025:
* Known issues:
    - `?get dex detailed` is bugged for some people due to discord's 2,000 character message limit. I am still trying to look for a workaround.
* Bug Fixes:
    - Fixed an issue where if multiple people caught a shark then it would not say who got the sharks.
    - Fixed a bug where if you don't have a dex already and use ?get dex or ?coins the bot would straight up ignore you.
    - Fixed a visual bug where you can buy the same net twice (the coins were never deducted if you did do that).
* Adjustments:
    - Adjusted shark rarities. Big sharka has taken more and more rare sharks for themselves, so they have become more rare, but in doing this they have made those sharks more expensive.
        * very common: The sharks in this category reward either 10, 20 or 30 coins depending on which class it belongs to (normal, shiny or legendary)
        * common: Sharks in this category reward 15, 25 or 35 coins depending on the class it belongs to.
        * uncommon: Sharks in this category reward 20, 30 or 40 coins depending on the class it belongs to.
        * rare: Sharks in this category reward 25, 35 or 45 coins depending on the class it belongs to.
        * ultra-rare: Sharks in this category reward 30, 40 or 50 coins depending on the class it belongs to.

        Note There is currently no way for the bot to tell you which category the shark you caught belongs to, but to compensate for that, the bot tells you how many coins you were rewarded.

        Due to this change in rarities, the chances for the catch of sharks have been changed:
            * In the beginning every shark had an equal chance of appearing (approximately a 1.3% chance for each shark).
            * very common sharks have a spawn rate of 50% (each shark in this category has approximately a 2.17% chance of spawning).
            * common sharks have a spawn rate of 30% (each shark in this category has approximately a 1.88% chance of spawning).
            * uncommon sharks have a spawn rate of 10% (each shark in this category has approximately a 1% chance of spawning).
            * rare sharks have a spawn rate of 6% (each shark in this category has approximately a 0.6% chance of spawning).
            * ultra-rare sharks have a spawn rate of 4% (each shark in this category has approximately a 0.5% chance of spawning).
    
    - Equipment have risen in price. Big sharka has also decided that you guys do not deserve these equipment for dirt cheap, so the prices have risen by 10x, really rude I know. I tried my best, they wanted 20x but I managed to lower it to 10x.
    - The bot now tells you how many coins you gained from a catch.
* New additions:
    - New Fishing game:
        * before you had to wait for the guaranteed shark appearance every 30 minutes to get coins by catching sharks. One day while I was waiting for the shark by the lake I started noticing new creatures out there in the lake. Fish started coming and staying in the lake, and you can fish them out for coins!
        * There are different categories of fish, like sharks, there are normal fish, shiny fish, and legendary fish. At the same time there are different sizes of fish: small, medium and large!
        * The following is how many coins are given per fish:
            - large normal fish: 6 coins
            - medium normal fish: 4 coins
            - small normal fish: 2 coins
            - large shiny fish: 9 coins
            - medium shiny fish: 7 coins
            - small shiny fish: 5 coins
            - large legendary fish: 14 coins
            - medium legendary fish: 12 coins
            - small legendary fish: 10 coins
            - trash: 1 coin
        * The drop rates are the following:
            - very common shark (oh did i forget to mention this?): 5% chance
            - Large legendary fish: 2% chance
            - Large shiny fish: 6% chance
            - Large normal fish: 10% chance
            - Medium legendary fish: 2.5% chance
            - Medium shiny fish: 7.5% chance
            - Medium normal fish: 12.5% chance
            - Small legendary fish: 3% chance
            - Small shiny fish: 9% chance
            - Small normal fish: 15%
            - Trash: 20% chance

        * The following is your chance at getting a fish while fishing depending on ur net:
            - Basic net: 60% chance to catch fish or trash.
            - Leather net: 75% chance to catch fish or trash.
            - Gold net: 85% chance to catch fish or trash.
            - titanium net: 100% chance to catch fish or trash.
            - net of doom: 100% chance to catch fish or trash.

## I believe these are all the changes. If there are anything missing I will add it to this and just send it as a second message.