# This is patch 20260415 for the discord bot.
As spring starts to bloom, it was a good time to make sure some features would bloom as well! The following changes are coming into effect within the next day.

## House Keeping:
Before going into changes to general features, it is time to discuss changes that have happened in the server. 
1. <#1432337887818682469> has been moved to a new category called Fishing Corner.
2. NEW ROLE: <@&1493560098784673852> has been added to <#1336429573608574986>. This role is made for if you want to be notified of when shark uploads a tiktok or a youtube video!

## Fishing update:
Ever wanted to mass fish? Just to pass time without a ton of effort? Well, now you can. 
### New Feature:
You can now find a new / command called /fish-multiple-times. You can fish as many times as you can afford AND you can use baits to increase your chances in getting a shark!! Just make sure you have enough nets and baits to fish multiple times.

## nets & baits update:
Buying nets was frustrating, and I have finally convinced the corpos to let you be able to buy as many nets and baits as you want in one go. They always want to waste your precious time -_-. As a reminder, each net gives u 5 uses.

Just as a reminder here are the prices for nets:
1. Leather net: 60 coins per net
2. Gold net: 140 coins per net
3. Titanium net: 250 coins per net
4. Net Of Doom: 500 coins per net

Here are the prices for baits:
1. Chum: 15 coins per bait
2. Bait Ball: 30 coins per bait
3. Mackerel: 45 coins per bait
4. Stingray: 60 coins per bait
5. barracuda: 75 coins per bait

## Shark Catch game update:
### New Feature:
- Sharks you catch has always been basically useless, and the corpos for some reason have an interest in them now, so you will be able to **sell** your sharks in exchange for coins.

### Tutorial:
- For all the people whom are new to the shark game and don't know how to interact with it, we have dropped a tutorial for you! drop into <#1432337887818682469> and send `?tutorial` and the bot will walk you through catching your first shark! 