# First update of the new year! Yippiee 

The following includes both discord bot updates and shark catch game updates:

## Discord Bot Update:
### General updates:
- Added new roles: New roles were added to be notified for movie nights or get updates for dyslexxik's streams! As well as - as you have seen - friend roles for games! 
- New system: Leveling system! I was finally able to complete this after maybe like a week of working on it (sorry, warframe addiction). More details on how it works and what will happen going forward in its respective section
## Levelling system:
- This is a new system, so if any bugs occur please notify me of this, but other than that your messages now count towards your level in this server!
- The following will be changes that are happening for the safety and security of people in this server, and I will be including the reasons as to why stuff are where they are:
  - The following channels will be unlocked at level 1:
    1. Art and hobbies
    2. Car talk
    3. Clips and shit
    4. All of the gaming text channels.
    5. Hyper yourself up (This will be only viewable)
    6. Music
    7. Quotes
    8. Sports
    9. Yummy Food
  - The channels above were chosen to be locked due to us wanting to avoid the possibility of trolls and to make sure no one just joins in to make fun of stuff and leaves the server.
  - The following channel will be unlocked at level 2:
    1. Thank you from shark
  - The channel above was chosen to be locked until level two to make sure you're semi-active and have been here for more than one stream.
  - The following channels will be unlocked at level 3:
    1. Nerd Alert
    2. show recs for shark
    3. pet pics
  - The channels above were chosen on the premise of they may be more sensitive topics to people (like talking about something interesting to them or their favourite show or their pet).
  - The following channel will be unlocked at level 4:
    1. Dear shark
  - The channel above was chosen to be locked due to the avoiding of trolls.
  - The following channels will be unlocked at level 5:
    1. nsfw memes and such
    2. news politics irl and junk
    3. irl pics
    4. selfies
    5. venting
    6. share your success
  - The channels above were chosen to be locked until level 5 on the premise of they tend to be the most sensitive topics and channels to people in this server, so we're trying to make sure only the more established people in this community are able to access these channels to create an even safer space for stuff like this.
- Now that the changes to the server has been discussed, I shall discuss how this levelling system works. The levelling system will take in messages that you send that are at least 10 characters long and give you 2 experience points towards your level, and there will be XP booster events, but that announcement will come when the day arrives. Below you can find the XP requirements per level and their message equivalent:
  - Level 1: 30 xp (15 messages)
  - Level 2: 40 xp (20 messages)
  - Level 3: 50 xp (25 messages)
  - Level 4: 60 xp (30 messages)
  - Level 5: 80 xp (40 messages)
- The most important point to note: Once you level up your XP falls down to 0, so for example: when you reach level 1, you have to send 20 messages to reach level 2 and when you reach level 2 you need to send 25 messages to reach level 3, and so on so forth.